[Music]
guys my flight is in less than 12 hours
I'm solo traveling to China specifically
Hong Kong for the first time ever so
nous but I'm also super excited I've
done so much research I've planned an
itinerary pack my bags and practice my
cantones so without further Ado let's go
to China
[Music]
hello guys from Hong Kong I have finally
made it that flight was so long and I
only really slept 4 to 5 hours at the
hotel here I am so jetlagged it's 7:15
right now and I'm actually going to head
out to get some dim suum because I want
to start off the trip right and I have
the most jam-packed itinerary without
further Ado let's get going this is the
view from my hotel room you can see the
mountain in the back there and condo
buildings on there I think that's so
[Music]
cool okay I finally found it it's on
corner right
here I am so embarrassed right now I
cannot okay it's okay I think I'm the
only Foreigner in this place right now
it's okay we learn and we
learn I just got some green tea I
honestly didn't understand the options
but I'll drink anything I'm easy going
like I'm not here to impose on
[Music]
anybody that's super super good I'm
going to try this right now
I was literally joking with Angley and
Garo that there might be a b of problem
with the language barrier I might not
receive what I order the woman did speak
English but then she just gave me
something else so that's
okay I think it's pork and green it's
not bad but it's also not what I
ordered okay I'm walking underneath
something but it is raining so I just
picked up this umbrella from a
convenience store I'm headed to this
really popular coffee shop that does
really cool lass art and so I wanted to
have a little caffeine before I went to
hike Victoria Peak but I'm not sure if I
should go anymore because of the rain so
[Music]
so I decided to hike Victoria Peak
anyways it is raining so much I haven't
experienced rain like this in such a
long time probably last time I went to
Vietnam my pants are soaking but it's
honestly really quiet so I'm having a
great time crazy incline everywhere but
I'm having fun
[Music]
all of my stuff including me is soaking
wet but I finally made it to the
Viewpoint that I was hiking towards
because it has this really great view of
Victoria Harbor so glad that I waited
out the rain because look at this View
[Music]
made it to the peak and I think I'm
going to get a lemon iced tea because I
deserve a
[Music]
treat my ice Pon tea has been and
uh they gave me a little bit of vanilla
syrup
it's good I just need like five of
[Music]
these I am back at my hotel and I just
picked up a ham and egg bun because I
want to go to a really well-known Bakery
for my first pineapple bun and egg t
heart in Hong Kong I just came back to
change my clothes because I was soaked
to the bone hiking and I'm so
cold can you tell that I've never opened
a bottle before I haven't had any water
today and I seriously regret not getting
something before my hype
but time for my hem and egg bun this
thing is
huge so good
[Music]
I feel like an old lady I'm getting
ready for bed and it's only 8:30 but I
have been awake since 3:30 a.m. but of
course I have to do my skincare first
this is the medic pdrn pink peptide
serum it helps brighten hydrate and
strengthen your skin the salmon DNA
helps promote skin cell repair and the
five peptide complex can improve skin
elasticity and firmness to give you that
plump and juicy glass skin I usually do
two and 1 half drops of this roughly
spread that all over before going in
with the new affordable Glow Booster
this is the Booster Pro Mini and I swear
by this machine's Tech because it
maximizes the effects of your skin care
it helps your skin absorb the
ingredients better it always leaves my
skin feeling way more hydrated and you
can use it up to 5 to 10 minutes three
times a day and go up to level two or
level three I usually keep it on level
[Music]
three my skin loves when I use these two
together and I just love the redesign of
this because it's more compact it can
fit in my tiny travel skincare bag and
it's more affordable so more of you guys
can get it there's going to be a spring
sale on March 25th make sure to check
out the link in my description box below
and lastly I'm going to lock in all my
skincare with the medic Cube gel mask
it's the pdrn pink collagen gel mask if
you guys have seen my other videos and
you've definitely seen me wear this
multiple times I feel like it really
locks in my skincare and is the perfect
ending to my nighttime skincare
routine and now I'm ready to get into
bed and elevate my feet because I walked
20,000 steps which is very abnormal for
me and good night guys I'll see you in
the morning
[Music]
hi guys welcome to day two of Hong Kong
I've just gotten dress I have red shoes
on and I'm going to pack my purse and I
know this is a lot of black so I'm
breaking up with this jean jacket it's
also a little bit cold and this is my
bag to match my shoes what's in here we
can do a what's in my bag we have a
portable charger two cameras my GoPro
and my g7x I have my little airpods
lactate lip um and an extra battery for
my DSLR um oh I literally just went to
go look to show you my DSLR but you are
my
DSLR and then my phone and some Hong
Kong dollars and I have my debit card in
here so I can withdraw more cash and if
you're wondering how I'm taking pictures
by myself I'm using this little tripod
that collapses fully and just fits in
this purse like
look just fits in there so without
further Ado let's get going
so lost in the subway station because
there's so many floors and there's so
many escalators but I finally made it
and we're going to Australia Dairy Co
because everyone loves it for Hong Kong
style
[Music]
breakfast for
[Applause]
[Music]
so I'm in right now and I meant to
just do a bunch of shopping and browsing
but it's really really busy so I'm
feeling a little overwhelmed and
honestly I'm happy to just stand and
people watch so I've been doing a bit of
that as well
[Music]
okay I got my first egg chart of my trip
I got it from this really popular spot
it was recommended in a few YouTube
videos that I've watched and on Red Hook
so let's give it a try and it was 7 Hong
Kong
dollars what it looks
like that is so good
this crust is super crisp but it's still
flaky and buttery if that makes sense I
feel like egg cards in Canada are
leaning heavy on The Buttery side but
they don't have that like crisp Crunch
and there's like so many
[Music]
layers okay now I am in sham Street Bo
it's known to have flea markets on two
separate streets and there's this one
stand that I'm looking forward to that
has a bunch of vintage cameras so I'm
really excited to check them out
[Music]
ouch it looks like I came at a really
busy time because I think everyone's
doing their groceries right now
everything looks so
[Music]
good I'm not sure if this is the exact
one that I'm looking for but I did find
a still that has a ton of CDs and just
the hug cameras
[Music]
guys I have walked up and down so many
of these streets I'm so lost and I think
I finally found the vintage camera shop
that I was looking for
[Music]
I didn't end up getting anything from
the second vintage camera store because
they didn't have my dream dream camera
and I didn't want to settle and also pay
the same price that I could get on eBay
so now I'm having Curry fish balls from
the stand that I just found on the
corner
[Music]
okay one of our last stops of the night
is going to be Tang at Dynasty and I
actually found this place from redw
because all the girles on there were
posting these really cute magnets of the
subway station I hope to get a
[Music]
bunch I just finished therapy it is now
2:30 in the morning and I thought I
would show you guys my haul so far I've
actually been really proud of my
self-control and I haven't just been
buying every single thing that I've seen
I got all of these from elegant Tang
Dynasty these are maang tile keychains
that I thought were really cute this is
like the subway station sign I got this
one and then this one is the classic
Hong Kong milk tea I also did end up
getting one digital camera but it's the
Olympus U model it's fully functioning
and so this is the shop if you guys want
to go and support this woman she was
super sweet and super patient with me I
was testing a bunch of cameras out now
I'm going to head to bed because I have
a full day
ahead good morning guys it is day three
in Hong Kong and I am leaving the house
very very late today this is a little
sneak peek of my
[Music]
outfit you guys you have no idea how
happy I am right now because the sun is
out finally I'm in Happy Valley for the
morning CU I'm going to this really
popular spot for Hong Kong style
breakfast
[Music]
okay I'm walking through Happy Valley
now breakfast was actually insanely good
I am so happy that I went there and when
I was on the we passed by this
like huge green space and there's a
bunch of people playing sports I thought
it was part of Hong Kong U but I looked
it up and it looks like just a regular
public park but it is literally so
wellmaintained I thought it had to be a
part of the univers Mercy cuz I was like
there's no way this is like a city park
but I think it is just like a
recreational space which is so cool
because there's not a lot of those in
Toronto if
any okay I left Happy Valley and guys
this weather is making me so happy but I
definitely took the weekdays for granted
because it is so busy I don't know if
it's just the area I'm in I'm on Lee
Tong Avenue and I'm just doing a little
bit of shopping and browsing I'm headed
to Stussy right now I want to get one of
those eightball shirts that have Kong on
the back because I don't want like a
classic ihart Hong Kong shirt but I do
want some sort of souvenir and I love a
good back print on a
shirt
guys the Line This is the longest queue
I've seen in Hong Kong
[Music]
I'm back at Central and this time I'm at
fake house this was the most recommended
spot for Barts and yeah and then I also
am going to walk over to Vision Bakery
and see if they have this like matcha
tart that one of you guys give me that
you love but they're only sold afternoon
and it's already like 4:30 p.m. so I'm
not sure if they're already sold out but
we're going to check
[Music]
I got two things from makos and I got a
quamon from Vision this I am so excited
this is what the egg tart looks like
definitely the most baked out of all the
egg Tarts I've
had oh my God I thought because so many
people were recommending it it was going
to be like overhyped and I know it's
like a tour spot and that's why there's
a queue every single time but no this is
worth all of the hype now I'm upset that
I only got
one I also got this dessert from Bak
house I don't if I love that the middle
part where there's like custard and
strawberry is really good but the
outside part of it kind of dry now we're
going to get into what I got from Vision
this is my quinon
hm it's really good but just tastes like
it was baked 12 hours ago I should have
come earlier this is better than the
strawberry Danish but it's not better
than the egg tart and I wouldn't order
it again okay and that marks the end of
Cl Street treat review but anyways I'm
headed to Kennedy town now to hopefully
catch the sunset by the water and also
have dinner there because I can't just
keep eating treats
[Music]
so there's this really pretty photo up
in Kennedy town and it's in a basketball
court and a shot is taken through the
gates of a basketball court and so I'm
going to have to disturb some of these
people you can see here's a bunch of
people okay but it looks like they roped
it off because they knew how busy it's
spin
[Music]